You're up to date now.
I'm sure.
All right, good luck.
Once again, ladies and gentlemen,
they are very nice to bring you the D-3 reports
from your Center for Dopsies and Dopsies.
D-3 reports are dropped to the other public service
in the station for D-3.
You can better inform that you're acting
as a new government,
as a government officer.
If you've voted also out for every new state
of justice,
but here now,
you can be a new president.
Thank you, Charlie,
and how do you do friends and centers, please?
This was an ominous speech in Washington,
and a decision was made affecting the security forces
of the district.
The situation was not new.
We were in a conflict in the same situation in 1931,
and I'm sure you were what it's like to start your path.
In 1936, when Mr. Lee and his father
took the office,
the same situation was conducted
in 1937 in the act of his nation's Germany
and Hitler-Late-Generated Spanish Civil War.
And in 1939,
when the Nazis disresorted cities and promises
and stormed the detective's defective.
The situation was not entirely unliked,
1948, when the detective's back to the office
began overrun.
That time, by the Soviet Union.
No, the situation was nothing new.
But for the first time, the challenge was met.
The glove was called.
The division of the United States
and of the United Nations' organization
was made clear.
We courageously and forthrightfully
took affirmative action
and if the First Force War
took military invasion and the butt.
And as this broadcast is made,
it might appear that the Soviet Union
had understood our position sufficiently.
The whiphole in its further age
was a North Korean aggression.
Senator, this is probably the most important issue
you have discussed in nearly a year
and a half of these reports.
I'm taking the name of these reports
and nearly all our questions to this test.
Well, I think that's the final proper challenge.
I want the far as I can
to give the people back home a true picture
of what has happened.
The name is very sweet, Senator.
It's doing that in fact,
a shooting war with Russia
by taking the time stand
in the section of the South of the South for you.
Yes, of course we do.
And the normal and natural secret to things
is we pick up our guns
and go to the aid of the nation
which is being assaulted by allies
to the Soviet Union
and violation of treaties
which we have entered into.
We might well expect the Soviet Union
to retaliate against us
and against our friends.
How then, Senator?
Can we just fire our positions
if this incident is charged
with that self-prepared rule?
Well, our position is just
fired in two conditions.
In the first place,
as I pointed out earlier,
the democracies have always waited
until a migration action
is well underway before doing anything about it.
Figuratively, our people have not
been eager to take up a position
until the enemy reached the end of the time.
The dictators know this
and count on our test assistant's papers.
They give them adequate time
to seize much territory
and to consolidate their gains.
Think about positions
before taking the attack
against the stronger democracy.
If we had nipped the aggression
in the blood in Manchuria in 1931,
I would probably have been
no pro-Fobber in 1941.
If we had taken up the challenge
of Italy and Ethiopia in 1936,
it is very likely that Italy
would have dropped her hand
of the Italian German Act.
Staying to do that,
we could have entered the age
we could have entered the axis
in 1937 in Germany
and Italian claims.
A lot of states.
More in point, perhaps,
was the German invasion
of Czechoslovakia in 1939
after the Munich Congress.
If the United States and England
had come to the rescue
of the Czechoslovakia,
there would have been no D.J. in London.
We permitted the Soviet Union
to double up Czechoslovakia
in 1948 once again.
And now, why would not the Kremlin
have believed we had tended
to permit her to take
overall weak nations
before getting together
and standing together?
In other words,
as a solid,
we are to defer Russian
instructions and bring
up all the communist
aggression.
We must act to stop them
in the beginning
to cause aggression,
or breed aggression.
We should never forget that
the mere absence
of the shooting law
is not peace.
We have not been at peace
for the Soviet Union
for many, many months now.
But this is the first violation
of the United Nations' speech.
In our opinion,
we are smart to believe
no doubt in the evil minds
of the men of the Kremlin
that we intend to
back up our promises.
This is the
standard of aggression
and violation of the UN
charge.
Otherwise, we would
profit our position
of world leadership.
Some arise,
we were just
fired in the effort
to speak about World War 3.
I just made it begin.
We mentioned the second
justification.
Well, it's this.
If war is inevitable,
there's nothing
will do the Kremlin,
but to shoot it out
with the democracy.
The mission is to place it
against.
We have a farmer basis
in Japan, in Alaska,
and on the stop specific
hours.
And Korea is geographically
located towards the
vulnerable to attacks
from our naval forces.
We say it perfectly
that this action was
twice the cause of
some of the withdrawal
at the Dresden policy.
But if it does not,
the democracies are in good
strategic positions.
Fight the war
in the strategy strong.
Your idea, then,
is that our whole nation
is going to be
in a situation
where we are at the end.
Is that our whole
action may give the
Kremlin's power
to consider.
It convinced them that
we mean this.
Secondly, we are wrong
in that assumption.
And this is the best
place to fight a war
with war people
to fight.
Exactly that.
And furthermore,
that the
fighting worked more by
letting the get-tired
with one thing up
through another,
and finally we are
divided and not in
as good as the
discuses family
we are now.
Now, what action on
the part of the world
is that we are in
time.
Is that a bad
situation?
Well, we have
gone along the 38th
parallel into the
states of the
movement.
I doubt that the
communists will
surrender our
given.
But if they will make a
strategic withdrawal,
behind that line,
for the purpose of
re-gripping their
forces, in order to
save their
places, I think
the crisis will
have been.
Where's another
question, Senator?
You mentioned
maintaining the integrity
of the United Nations
action of the
Union Security
Council, as far as
before, we could
have said the
military is doubt
for re-gripping.
Well, technically
speaking, that's right.
Of course, the
Soviet Union is
withdrawn from the
security council over
the speeding of the
delegates from
national camps.
That about you
relieved yourself of
the privilege of the
people in the action of
the Security Council.
That's a matter of fact,
the intention of the
stand-for-sistered
conference, when the
UN daughter was
approved, has
never been put into
action.
The political
43 was adopted to
take care of
situations such as this.
But no military staff
committee,
and no international
police force,
wherever it
establishes, as
was in action.
This was never
done because of
Russian opposition.
The attack in
Correa was
tied as a
congressional action, but
it had been
necessary to
put our truth
in the ship
after the
forces of the
UN Security Council.
There was no
time for delay, and
we were forced to
take the responsibility
of the
security council
resolution.
But that's all
members of the
council to use all
possible means.
Because the North
Correa invaders
to withdraw
behind the
foreign line of steps.
Council later
authorized all UN
number nations to act
individually to
process the
questions.
Our effectiveness
is expectedness
will have been
well, to be
expected as long.
And let me say
for the more that, if
the UN is not
taken up this
position, the
government will
have
dismissed
an
asylum.
The United
Nations
organization will
Russia lose space
for the people
and satellites to
back down.
Well, there are two
things to remember about
that too.
The Kremlin is
operating through the
North Correa
army.
Not through
our own
military forces.
Just as a
test call might be
thrust out out of
mouth.
The Kremlin is
responsible for
military forces.
This news will be told
to the people just
away to someone once
to tell
them not at all
if they were.
I see no danger in this
district.
That will be the
reaction
to nations
that can't
treat them.
Our firm
position will give
full encourage to all
the
nations lying
outside the
armed forces.
All the ways
can stand to Iran,
to Burla.
To the
country.
We have to
think about keeping
this peace.
Then we'll hear what
was the reaction of
better
disfigure the
status of that.
Well, I
think that the
President with
wills ensure
a demonstration that we
intended to keep the
peace, even if it's
not fighting
Russia to
deserve.
It was
heralded in
Washington
and relational.
The only
criticism I have
heard
are seen
in the
streets of
China.
Let me ask you a
question, Charlie, you were
down in
Tennessee when
that's attacking, what was
the reaction in
Tennessee.
Well, I was
saying that
everybody was very
concerned about this, and
saying to
think that the
President
was
concerned about the
war.
The
way
moved
him ever before, I
in his
generation, the
long-range
situation.
Well, I'm glad
to hear that, Charlie.
I have
bin for my
distance point that
the general public has
not made it which is
concrete, and I
am in actual relations
leaders, more
hopeless.
You and I have
pre-created practice
in the government
of your act and
accession.
You
know that I have
human.
The leadership in
it, effort must come
from the American
people.
And so far, the
American people
have not spoken out
of the
war.
I am
curious, you
said it much
on the
terms of
the war.
Yes, Charlie.
After all, all along,
there's some
evidence that this might
provoke the world into
another war.
I have been doing my
utmost to warn the
nations of the other
necessity of
uniting the other
species.
My time still
remains.
Every
thinking person
has been going
along for five
years with
Neil fallen
in politics.
narrative following one
policy and great
Britain following
another.
We are
weakening our nation
defense strengthen
all the species.
And we could have
used that time better to
unify the entire
free world
against the coming
minutes.
The
hierosality
and the
resolution have been
passed.
The
mission has been
granted.
You think
the criminal is
not an
individual.
I have no
knowing.
But every
lesson of history and every
reasonable assumption we
can draw from the fact.
It leads me
to the conclusion that
Russia would have
done nothing to the most
such an
effort it has been
in practice.
Any
aggressive movement by the
country will cause
people outside of the
iron
territory to get
together.
No
literally
economically
and
there are
not all these
elements
elements that
are
part of the world.
Do you think
community that
needs to be
house is
most
favourable for
consideration.
Well frankly, I
don't know
Charlie, but I was
certain
full soul.
At least
maybe those who have
come to make the
history of the
European
methods in the
future.
If
you look around for
and
has
plenty of
countries
that are
in the
have the
country.
Since that time,
any time
the
country has been
satisfied.
It is always
worth.
On the other
hand, anytime
Europeans
have come to make
cities,
alliances,
so on, as
kind of
side as always
clear.
But we need now
its courage to
fly the American
idea of
federations
before we can
and it's global
world.
We can't
even get
bad by
the
sun.
So we can't
expect
that
everyone during the
reign of our
laws.
Then, throughout
this
movement, it is
fed
our laws.
That's part of the
world that is
free and
much
cheap and
sweet and
more expensive
and
much
expensive.
a
lot of
that are
very expensive.
We have
a lot of
things that
are
very expensive.
We Stack
Times
Times.
We
have
a lot of things
that are
very expensive.
We
have